README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-None%20-lightgrey.svg)]()
## Description
A Content Management System built to allow non developers to view and interact with information stored in a database. This was achieved using node, inquirer and mySQL.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation Instructions](#Installation-Instructions)
- [Usage Information](#Usage-Information)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#Contribution-Guidelines)
- [Test Instructions](#Test-Instructions)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation Instructions
Clone this repo from Github, then run 'npm i' to install dependencies. Once thats done, you can run npm start to access the database. (Providing you have access to the mysql database)
## Usage Information
Install and run 'npm start'. Then follow the in-app instructions.
## Contribution Guidelines
I was the sole contributor.
## Test Instructions
No test instructions
## License
This application is not using a license
## Questions
For further information, please feel free to contact me on either of these links:
GitHub: https://github.com/Re093
Email: re.paterson000@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated readME file with .env installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-None%20-lightgrey.svg)]()
## Description
A Content Management System built to allow non developers to view and interact with information stored in a database. This was achieved using node, inquirer and mySQL.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation Instructions](#Installation-Instructions)
- [Usage Information](#Usage-Information)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#Contribution-Guidelines)
- [Test Instructions](#Test-Instructions)
- [Licence](#Licence)
- [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation Instructions
Clone this repo from Github, then run 'npm i' to install dependencies. Add a .env file to the folder and enter code with your own values like the .env.example file. Once thats done, you can run npm start to access the database. (Providing you have access to the mysql database)
## Usage Information
Install and run 'npm start'. Then follow the in-app instructions.
## Contribution Guidelines
I was the sole contributor.
## Test Instructions
No test instructions
## License
This application is not using a license
## Questions
For further information, please feel free to contact me on either of these links:
GitHub: https://github.com/Re093
Email: re.paterson000@gmail.com
